add highlights for 2023-06-29 (#1852)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/changes/highlights/2023-06-29.md

---
date: 2023-06-29T14:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending June 29 2023
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

> ## General

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General

## Apps

- [kyverno-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app) version [v0.14.9](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0149---2023-06-26) makes the policy-reporter scrape timeout and interval configurable to allow more collection time in clusters with many policies.
- [security-bundle](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle) version [1.0.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#101---2023-06-26) (and 1.0.0) is the first release intended to be installed by default on Kubernetes 1.25 and later. It disables PSPs in favor of enforced Kyverno PSS restricted policies. Clusters running Kubernetes v1.24 or earlier should continue using pre-1.0.0 bundle versions. Upcoming platform releases will include the `security-bundle` by default (see [important notes in the bundle readme](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/tree/main#installing)) and may require removing or modifying Kyverno or Security Bundle apps prior to upgrade.

```

---
date: 2023-06-29T14:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending June 29 2023
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## General

## Apps

> - [kyverno-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app) version [v0.14.9](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0149---2023-06-26) makes the policy-reporter scrape timeout and interval configurable to allow more collection time in clusters with many policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [kyverno-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app) version [v0.14.9](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0149---2023-06-26) adds two new parameters in the configuration of the policy-reporter. Now the service monitor of this app can set a specific `scrapeTimeout` and `interval` to tell Prometheus when to timeout or scrape metrics. It helps in some clusters where the network is convoluted or the customer does not need much granularity for policy reporting metrics.  

```

> - [security-bundle](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle) version [1.0.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#101---2023-06-26) (and 1.0.0) is the first release intended to be installed by default on Kubernetes 1.25 and later. It disables PSPs in favor of enforced Kyverno PSS restricted policies. Clusters running Kubernetes v1.24 or earlier should continue using pre-1.0.0 bundle versions. Upcoming platform releases will include the `security-bundle` by default (see [important notes in the bundle readme](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/tree/main#installing)) and may require removing or modifying Kyverno or Security Bundle apps prior to upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [security-bundle](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle) version [1.0.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#101---2023-06-26) is the first release intended to be installed by default on Kubernetes 1.25 and later. It disables PSPs in favour of enforced Kyverno PSS-restricted policies. New platform releases are shipped with this new version by default. We will inform you in the platform release notes about the change and steps you need to take to upgrade. [More info about the change can be read here](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/tree/main#installing). 

__Note__: For the clusters running Kubernetes v1.24 or earlier you should continue running `security-bundle` with pre-1.0.0 bundle versions. 
```

---
date: 2023-06-29T14:00:00
title: Highlights for the week ending June 29 2023
changes_categories:
  - Highlights
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-product
---

## General

## Apps

> - [kyverno-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app) version [v0.14.9](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0149---2023-06-26) makes the policy-reporter scrape timeout and interval configurable to allow more collection time in clusters with many policies.

Author: ```suggestion
- [kyverno-app](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app) version [v0.14.9](https://github.com/giantswarm/kyverno-app/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#0149---2023-06-26) adds two new parameters in the configuration of the policy-reporter. Now the policy-reporter `scrapeTimeout` and `interval` are configurable. This allows more collections time in clusters with many policies. 
```

> - [security-bundle](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle) version [1.0.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#101---2023-06-26) is the first release intended to be installed by default on Kubernetes 1.25 and later. It disables PSPs in favour of enforced Kyverno PSS-restricted policies. New platform releases are shipped with this new version by default. We will inform you in the platform release notes about the change and steps you need to take to upgrade. [More info about the change can be read here](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/tree/main#installing). 

Author: ```suggestion
- [security-bundle](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle) version [1.0.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#101---2023-06-26) is the first release intended to be installed by default on Kubernetes 1.25 and later. It disables PSPs in favour of enforced Kyverno PSS restricted policies. New platform releases are shipped with this new version by default. We will inform you in the platform release notes about the change and steps you need to take to upgrade, as it may require removing or modifying Kyverno or Security Bundle apps prior to upgrade [More info about the change can be read here](https://github.com/giantswarm/security-bundle/tree/main#installing). 
```
